a very intense match is not
indeed I was very high up in the
tribune in a box and I do not know you do not live
the same as from below with the
intensity looks different football
from above it is much more spaces
you have a much clearer picture of
positions or tactical development of the
match but it 's game intensity not
the not life is the same
and the one who has not seen the match
you can simply say why bored
any but what a boring game
but I did not get bored lost
because we've had I counted
up to six clear situations of goal in
the glass arch 6 and by the sporting
crystal has had like four
clear situations of goal in our
bow also up to 5 well a match
the two teams have come out to propose and
attack and good at the end the bad aim
or the wave or the little efficiency that we have
had both sets made that
I will finish 0-0 I think the more we
Strengthen this as a team by giving us
mind at least I realize that from
that I can count on the guys from
that the boys give the face that the
guys dare to do things in
the court nor to speak of christopher
gonzález who made flowers that are also
guys because they have audacity but
other players are appearing as
jordan or mendoza appearing more than
real and a central with 18 years that has
a great future
and that today we have faced one of the
best equipment that is within
our means
sporting crystal is one of the best
teams and has a template from very
good players then that that to me
gratifies me and makes me believe that what
we are training what we are
doing well in that the figures that
they are appearing they have conditions
to be able to develop in
this football and that 's the truth that I
leave me quiet we pose
a game waiting for the opponent in three
there are no rooms trying to take advantage of
speed that we have ahead with that
flowers and with ramón roig days were
that gave him a very clear function and
yosimar vargas that was the one to throw is a
little bit to the right to cover the
exit and youtube
I think that YouTube is the player that
appears always free on the left
that created a lot of danger and the truth that
them and margall vargas who meet
many very well their function
and the team did not change much of a time
to another the team and I plan to stop
in three quarters waiting to recover the
ball in the middle of the court to
come out with with cons actions
fast seize the speed of both
of both forwards that we had and I think
me that there are a couple of plays ruiz díaz
very clear one to one that goes by
right that I concentrated back and that
values ​​out that put stressed that the
ball is passed between the legs and
there is another action also a pass from Jason
flowers to space that today wins the
position and it goes towards the area and tops
crossed that ends up pulling out not